it was the whole era not that long ago
like a hundred years ago where what
spring water was deeply revered by
people in a practice called Valley otha
the-- and so what happened was all of
these hotels and all of these buildings
were erected at the sacred springs and
if you and they were created like
resorts where people would go for
healing so you have the option where
today people go to the hospital they get
sick in the past just a hundred years
ago you had the option to go to
different hotels that would be situated
at Springs and soak in the springs and
drink the water for healing that was
called down the OP femurs well
established and well-accepted so what
you find is this very consistent
architecture I know avocado will know
what I mean because he first introduced
me to the hotel at eating hot springs
after that I found this almost identical
hotels across the country at different
springs what I came to understand what
this stuff was common that building
right there if you notice the copper
spike on the top the six-sided geometry
of the whole building this is like
sacred young through here in the
hexagonal shape of the structure of
water so when I first found this just
the other day and was really blown away
by the Arctic Ocean now they started um
they rebuilt this recently but that's
the original building sitting on top
from about a hundred years ago and what
you see in there has been redone but
it's pretty old and again this water has
a lot of history they used it they
shipped it out they put it on ships
because the water lasted so long as they
fresh so long so when you go up you'll
notice that there's kind of a sank that
any kind of a vibe in there you'll feel
the sacredness of the place and this
isn't a spring where the waters
discussing out which means we have to
submerge our water bottles in there so
just approach this water with a little
bit of heart and I think you'll feel
that anyway as we get
me
start
into the eyes
these passes
his pass
so good to know you love so sing me to
sleep baby he's though promise it'll be
okay
my bed and stay either your eyes from I
know that you always I know that show
I know that should always be yes I know
that
you